[Music]
ten detective riddles only the most
attentive 1% can solve number 10 a
detective and the blacksmith brothers on
a snowy winter night the detective was
resting in front of the fireplace
suddenly somebody threw a snowball at
his window the hit was so strong that
the glass shattered the detective stood
up and had just enough time to notice
three kids who lived in the neighborhood
running away they were brothers with the
name's Sam blacksmith Peter blacksmith
and Mark blacksmith the next day a paper
note was left on the detectives door
there it was written question mark
blacksmith he threw the snowball the
detective knew immediately which brother
to question okay now you have 15 seconds
hopefully enough time to figure it out
the symbol question mark is called the
question mark so here we go question
mark blacksmith he threw the snowball
number nine hotel room a woman was
staying in her hotel room when somebody
knocked at the door when she opened it
she saw an unknown man he looked
surprised and said I apologize I thought
it was my room he turned away and went
in the direction of the elevators the
woman however returned to the room and
dialed security why was she so
suspicious have you already figured it
out
time is ticking the woman logically
decided that if the man had thought that
the room was his he wouldn't have
knocked such behavior is typical for
those criminals who break into hotel
rooms and steal whatever they can they
knock on the door to make sure there's
nobody inside number eight suicide or
murder a detective comes to a crime
scene a man is said to jump out of a
window of an abandoned building and
commit suicide
the detective goes inside the building
to the first floor to the room at the
front he lights a cigarette goes up to
the window which faces the dead man
opens it and throws the cigarette out
then he goes to the second floor and
does the same he continues until he has
visited all the floors and repeated the
action again and again then he returns
to his team and says that it was by no
means a suicide but a murder how did he
find it out it took the detective much
longer than 15 seconds to understand the
truth what about you are you smarter
when a person commits suicide jumping
from a high floor they don't tend to
close the window behind them but in this
case none of the windows which face the
dead man were left open it means that
there was somebody who closed them after
the man died number seven
ice-t two young ladies were having
dinner together they both ordered ice
tea one of them was very thirsty
and drank very fast she had five glasses
during the time the other drink only one
tragically the girl who was nursing her
drink and drinking slowly died the other
stayed alive but it turned out that all
the drinks they had been served contain
poison how is it possible that the girl
who drank more survived a strange case
are you ready with the answer
[Music]
in fact the poison was contained in the
ice the ice and the tea of the girl who
drank fast didn't have time to melt but
the ice cubes and the other girls drink
melted releasing the poison into her tea
number six mysterious death in the car a
man was found shot to death in his car
the policemen were puzzled as there was
no gunpowder on his clothes or anywhere
else in the car this meant that the
person who shot him was outside but all
the windows were closed all the doors
locked
and the only bullet hole was on the
man's body how was it possible perhaps
some mystic powers here's your 15
seconds the answer is actually quite
simple the car where the man had been
killed was a convertible when the fatal
shot sounded the roof was down number 5
fly in coffee a woman was having
breakfast at a nice restaurant at one
moment she noticed a fly in her coffee
she was indignant and made the way to
bring her another cup of the drink after
he returned with a new cup of coffee she
shouted what is the service in this
place you have brought me the same cup
of coffee
how did she understand it perhaps the
woman was a psychic what do you think
[Music]
she had already put sugar in her
previous cup of coffee when she tried
the new one it was sweet number four in
court for killing the wife a man is
accused of killing his wife his lawyer
in his final statement declares that the
wife of the man in fact hasn't been
killed and will enter the courtroom in a
minute
everybody in the room including the
judge and the jury turns and looks at
the door and the lawyer with the
defendant looks at them several minutes
pass and the lawyer says it proves that
you are not so sure that my client has
killed his wife otherwise you wouldn't
believe me
almost immediately after that the jury
comes up with a guilty verdict why does
it happen 15 seconds to find the answer
the man who had been accused wasn't
looking at the door he was sure his wife
wouldn't enter as he had killed her
number three a case of a smuggler a man
carrying two bags with sand crosses the
Mexican border on a bicycle every day
customs officers regularly check the
bags and all the time they contain sand
it is obvious that the man smuggled
something but the officers can't realize
what it is exactly as they don't have
any proof
the man crosses the border without
interruptions what does he smuggle your
time has started this creative
individual distracts the custom officers
attention with the bags of sand but in
fact he smuggles bicycles number two
suicide message a body of a man was
found in the flat at some moment he
collapsed against his desk a gun in his
hand the police found a cassette
recorder nearby when they pressed the
play button what they heard was I can't
live like this anymore
then the sound of a gunshot was heard
however the detective immediately
figured out that it was a murder how did
he realize that it wasn't a suicide
surely you already know the answer if
not you still have some time
[Music]
if the man had killed himself he by no
means would have been able to rewind the
tape conclusion there was someone else
number one crime scene a man killed his
wife in their car
he used the knife which he later threw
away into an abyss where nobody was
going to find it his wife's body he took
out of the car he was very careful and
left no fingerprints after that he
headed home and a couple of hours he got
a call from the police they informed him
that his wife had been killed and he had
to arrive at the crime scene right away
as soon as he got there however he was
suspected for the murder
how did the police realize it had been
him who was guilty and 15 seconds for
you take your time the husband wasn't
informed of the definite location of the
crime scene
despite that he came to the right place
seven mystery riddles only the smartest
five percent can solve here we go number
seven jailbreak jack is placed in a cell
with a dirt floor and only one window
positioned so high no one could reach it
this cell is empty except for a shovel
it's hot and dry there but jack won't
get any food or drink anytime soon he
has only two days to break out of the
jail if not he'll die we know what you
have immediately thought but no digging
a tunnel is not an option as it will
take more than two days so how should
Jack escape the cell what's your guess
don't forget you can pause the video to
have more time to think
[Music]
all set here's the answer
well the way out for Jack turned out to
be a piece of cake he had to use the
shovel to make a pile of dirt under the
window climb on it and escaped from the
cell seriously who secures prisoners
this way all right
number six a stolen necklace mrs. Smith
went to the police claiming that her
vintage necklace was missing
the woman was upset when the police
arrived they saw no signs of a break-in
no messed up locks no misplaced doors
only one window was broken there was a
total mess inside the house and dirty
footprints all over the floor
surprisingly the next day mrs. Smith was
arrested for fraud why
are you ready there five seconds left
[Music]
here's the answer
the police were sure that mrs. Smith
lied to them because the window was
broken from the inside if it had been
broken from the outside little pieces of
glass would have been on the rooms floor
number five murder at school on the
first day of the school year a geography
teacher was murdered
the police had as many as four suspects
they were the gardener the math teacher
the coach and even the school principal
man I vote for the principal now the
sticking point was that they all had
alibis the gardener was cutting bushes
the math teacher was holding a mid-year
test the coach was playing basketball
the principal was in the office despite
this the killer was arrested immediately
can you guess who killed the geography
teacher and how the police solved the
mystery you have 15 seconds to find the
killer
[Music]
the killer was the math teacher
according to his own words he was
holding a mid-year test but the crime
happened on the first day of the school
year he needs to learn how to lie better
don't you think
number four a lonely man a lonely old
man lived in his house in the suburbs of
the city
he led a quiet life perhaps he was a
homebody as he never left his dwelling
for long it was a midsummer Friday when
the mailman walked by and called out for
the man
there was no answer coming from inside
the house the mailman looked into the
window and Ono saw the man in a pool of
blood when the policeman arrived he
found Tuesday's newspaper two bottles of
warm milk and one bottle of cold milk
the next day the killer was arrested do
you know how the police found out who it
was so quickly what is your idea
five seconds remaining can you see the
answer it was obviously the mailman he
knew that no one in that house would
read a newspaper on Wednesday or
Thursday that's why he came only on
Friday
number three two pills a serial killer
had a particular practice going he
kidnapped people and made them take one
of two pills one was harmless the other
was poisonous
whichever pill a victim took the serial
killer took the other one then the
scheme repeated itself continuously
victims took their pills with water and
died the killer
repeatedly survived how did he always
get the harmless pill good luck your
time has started
[Music]
here's the answer
the serial killer was tricking people
the poison was in the glass of water his
victims drank not in the pill oh that
stinks so unfair anyway number two
frozen windows once on a cold winter day
a tragedy happened Jon found his friend
dead in his own house
Jon called the police and said he was
just passing by Jack's house when he
decided to drop by to see him he had
been knocking and ringing the bell for a
long time however all was silent
perhaps Jack wasn't at home but Jon
could very well see the light in the
room through a frozen window he breathed
on the ice window glass and saw jack on
the floor unexpectedly for Jon the
police arrested him as the main suspect
why 15 seconds to go
only five seconds left obviously John
hasn't thought his legend through he
wouldn't be able to unfreeze the window
glass because it's usually I see on the
inside and finally number one chemical
substances a famous chemist was murdered
in his lab there was no evidence found
except for a piece of paper with the
names of chemical substances on it on
the day he was murdered the chemist had
only three visitors his wife Mary his
nephew Nicholas and his friend Jonathan
the police arrested the murderer right
away how did they know who it was a
little hint play closer attention to the
note
[Music]
the answer is hidden in the note this
piece of paper had a clue if you combine
the short names of the chemical
substances on the paper you'll get a
name ni CE o la ass even dying this man
remained a real chemist speaking of
chemists here's one for you johnny was a
chemist son but johnny is no more for
what he thought was h2o was h2so4 which
is of course sulfuric acid oops
alright whodunit ten detective riddles
that will chill your blood number one an
unpunished murderer a woman declares in
court that her sister killed her husband
all the evidence backs up her claim
however the judge can't punish the
murderer why not your time starts now so
the problem here is that the women are
conjoined twins so punishing the
murderous sister would harm the innocent
one and so they're just stuck with each
other
oh well number two a mysterious death a
young woman is sitting near the window
at first she's deep in thought then she
suddenly decides to throw something out
the window a couple of minutes later
she's dead what happened she was
perfectly healthy no illnesses allergies
or dependence on any type of medical
apparatus nobody killed her and she
wasn't suicidal hmm 15 seconds on the
clock
the cause of her death was the object
she threw out the window it was a
boomerang that came back at such high
speed it hit her in the head and killed
her on the spot
I wonder what possessed her to throw it
in the first place hey what goes around
comes around you know number three
what's in the bag
a man is quickly coming up on an open
field he's got a bag with him if he
doesn't open the bag before he reaches
the field he'll be dead what dangerous
cargo is in this mysterious bag times
ticking away the man skydiving and in
the bag
he has his parachute
number four a stranger on a dark and
stormy night
a couple is speeding through an unknown
town in their car suddenly one of the
tires blows so they have to pull over
finding no spare in the trunk the
husband sets off to get help
but he's worried about his wife who
decides to stay alone in the car while
he's gone so to protect her he rolls up
the windows and locks all the doors upon
returning he sees that the car is in the
same condition but when he looks through
the window he's shocked to see his wife
dead blood everywhere and a stranger in
the car what happened here something
messy of course but we need details
now's your time to come up with the
answer there was no crime at all the
woman was in labor they were rushing to
the hospital when the tire blew so while
the man was away his wife gave birth to
a baby but didn't survive herself number
five a psychics prediction two men are
in a room facing each other one of the
men is a psychic and can see into the
future he predicts that in ten minutes
the other man will be stabbed in the
back of course
shocked and paranoid the latter can't
stop staring at a clock on the wall and
exactly ten minutes later he's dead with
a knife in his back how could it happen
take your time you have 15 seconds to
think
give up after 10 minutes the man turned
around to see if there was anybody
behind him at exactly that moment the
psychic stabbed him in the back da I'm
starting to think he wasn't a psychic
at all number 6 a lonely victim there's
a man lying on the ground dead as a
doornail doornails are pretty dead his
head is split open and every bone in his
body shattered there's not a living
creature or building in sight but there
is a bag next to him so how did he die
your 15 seconds start now
this man was a skydiver
who didn't manage to open his parachute
Hey
that's exactly what was in the bag lying
next to him maybe it was the same guy
from earlier they're really not having
much luck are they number seven a
snorkeler in the forest a young man is
lying dead in a forest
oddly enough like these aren't odd he's
wearing swimming trunks goggles and a
snorkel but the most unusual thing is
that the nearest body of water is 15
miles away so how did this snorkel or
died in the forest think about it well
there was a huge forest fire and the
plane that was extinguishing it had to
scoop up water from the lake 15 miles
away doing this it accidentally captured
the man snorkeling in the lake he was
dropped down together with a water and
died too bad he didn't have the bag with
a parachute
number 8 a simple choice upon receiving
an anonymous tip the police rushed to a
house where a murder suspect is said to
be they have no physical description but
they do know his name is John when the
cops reached the place they see four
people playing poker a carpenter
firefighter truck driver and a mechanic
none of which have nametags on their
uniforms without a moment's hesitation
they arrest the firefighter so how did
they know that's their guy your time
starts now
the firefighter was the only man in the
room all the other said the poker table
were women and couldn't be named John
unless of course they were cross
dressers but that's outside of the scope
of this number nine the mystery of the
locked car oh goody here's another
locked car don't get in the car lady
it's not going to go very well
oops too late a man and his wife we're
driving down the highway when they ran
out of gas uh-huh so the husband walks
to the nearest gas station and is gone
for about an hour before he heads off he
tells his wife to stay in the car and
lock all the doors and windows boy this
is not gonna turn out well I can just
feel it
the wife bored and wanting to entertain
herself turns on the radio only to hear
some shocking news a serial killer has
escaped from the prison and was last
seen on that very highway where the car
is sitting the reporter on the news
gives a very detailed description of the
escapee the wife gets so scared that she
quickly turns off the radio she double
checks all walks but when she looks up
she sees the murderer just a few feet
from the car when the man returns he
finds the car still all locked up but
surprise surprise
his wife is dead inside her throat had
been slit how is it possible
the answer is both simple and tragic the
couple had been driving a convertible
with the top down hey we didn't say they
weren't stupid number 10 the crime scene
a man murdered his wife in the family
car do you feel the deja vu here I'm
starting to get the feeling that
husbands and why shouldn't ride together
in the car
well maybe he was a fan of crime shows
because he cleverly disposed of the body
in the knife leaving behind no
fingerprints
after taking care of this dirty business
he went home
some time passed and he got a call from
the police they told him that they
believed his wife had been murdered and
he needed to come to the scene
immediately to identify the body
as soon as he got there he was arrested
so how did the police know it was him if
he left no evidence behind
here are your 15 seconds use them wisely
to come up with the answer and ignore
that psychic over there with a knife
gotcha
the thing is that the husband wasn't
told where the crime scene was despite
that he came to the right place very sly
police work all right
eight detective riddles to test how
awesome your logic skills are counting
down from number eight escaped once a
famous detective Stephenson had to find
an escaped prisoner
he knew the criminal was hiding in one
of these houses but he had to know the
exact address so as to not frighten the
criminal away first he took a photo of
the houses with the help of a drone when
he looked at the photo he realized where
the criminal was so can you understand
where that fugitive was and what helped
the detective find him you have 15
seconds your time has started
[Music]
are you ready to check your guesses the
murderer was in house a you see the car
standing nearby was the only car parked
facing the road it would let the
criminal escape quickly
number seven detectives tragedy one
morning the detective had an argument
with his wife and went away without his
cellphone and the keys in the evening
when he returned home he found his
colleague his scared wife and a murdered
man Stephens wife told her story I was
sitting in the living room when I heard
the doorbell I thought it was my husband
and opened the door but a criminal
pushed me and so I stabbed him with a
knife
the detective ordered the policeman to
arrest his wife because she had planned
to kill him how did the detective figure
it out time to wrack your brain
[Music]
unfortunately mrs. Stephens indeed plan
to kill her husband she went to open the
door with a knife because she thought it
was her husband number six friendly
murder Mary and Ben lived with their
four friends one day Ben came home and
found Mary dead on a sofa bummer
he called the police the detective
arrived and realized that Mary had been
killed not so long ago he interrogated
all four friends that's what their
stories told Mia was in the kitchen and
said she'd come home two hours ago and
gone to the kitchen
[Music]
John was reading a book in the garden he
said he hadn't left the place that day
Jennifer said she had been swimming in a
swimming pool for three hours Jane was
painting in her room unexpectedly the
detective asked everyone to show him
their hands and found out who lied to
him immediately
that person was the murderer
how did Stevens uncover the criminal
time is ticking away
tick-tock who do you think the detective
was checking well time is out here's the
answer
pay attention to the hands of Jennifer
if she had been swimming in the pool for
so long the skin on her palms would have
been wrinkled Oh Jennifer you're pruny
hands gave you away
number five Blood Ties a millionaire was
shot in the forehead at his own home
detective Stevens spoke to the
millionaire's three sons Jack John and
James who were at home Jack said that
night John their father oh let me guess
the wife's name is Jane I'll bet anyway
the father had been at an official
reception they arrived home and entered
the living room his father came in first
then John and Jack himself when their
father came up to the stairs
James entered the living room and shot
their father John confirmed Jack's
information
James said he had visited his friends
that night when he arrived home his
father had already been dead
the detective understood everything
immediately so who was the killer
and how did Stephens resolve that case
what do you think the word of one
brother against two others a tricky case
or have you already figured out what
happened let's check if you were right
John and Jack live if James had killed
their father a bullet would have shot
him in the name because he wanted to go
upstairs
however the wound was on his forehead
all right I was thinking it was Jane but
now number four romantic journey mr. and
mrs. Clyde went on a trip to the
mountains but two days later mr. Clyde
returned home alone he went to the
police and said that mrs. Clyde had
fallen to her death
the next day detective Stevens visited
mr. Clyde and arrested him for his
wife's murder
Clyde confessed his guilt and asked the
detective how he found out he was the
murderer
Stephen said he simply called a travel
agent and asked for some information
what did the travel agent say to the
detective what is your version did it
have anything to do with the insurance
perhaps you have just a few seconds left
[Music]
do you know the answer the words of the
travel agent shed light on the whole
situation mr. Clyde bought two plane
tickets to the mountains and only one
return ticket if only mrs. Clyde had
known a blame the Beatles she didn't
have a ticket to ride number three
liar a man told the police that he had
come home from work to find his wife's
dead body lying in the middle of the
parlor he said she had apparently found
his gun in his desk and shot herself
however the policeman knew at once that
the man was lying how did he know 15
seconds is all you have to solve this
mystery
[Music]
the policeman noticed that the man had
an empty gun holster attached to his
belt it meant he'd either been about to
take the gun with him or had it on him
all along
the former couldn't be true because he
said he'd come home from work and found
his wife dead that's why we are left
with the latter not the latter the
latter which proves that the man had
actually shot his wife number two
silly murderer
the detective was speaking to a doctor
in a waiting room when a dismayed man
rushed in and screamed somebody shot my
wife the detective asked the man to tell
him everything
the man mr. Carr said that he was at
work when his housekeeper called him and
said that something terrible had
happened to his wife and that she was in
the intensive care unit he hung up
immediately and went to the hospital
when mr. Clarke finished his story
the detective arrested him on the
attempted murder charge why did he do
this can the detective read minds what
is your opinion you have just a few
seconds left to make your guess in fact
mr. Clarke
didn't know anything about a shot his
housekeeper only said that something bad
had happened to his wife no firearm had
been mentioned by the way are you also
keeping count of how many couples are
killing their spouses so much spouse
aside what does this say about our
society well firstly the killers all
screw it up but I digress
finally number one the murder of an
aristocrat George Smith was murdered on
Sunday evening there were five other
people in his house mr. Smith's wife I'm
betting she did it his personal cook a
butler a housemaid and a gardener they
all told detective Stevens what they
were doing that evening mrs. Smith was
reading a book near a fireplace the cook
was making breakfast the butler was
giving instructions to workers in the
living room the housemaid was washing
the dishes the gardener was watering
plants in the greenhouse right after all
the conversations the detective arrested
the murderer who was the killer
and how did Stevens find the criminal
will you be able to solve this riddle in
15 seconds if you want more time to
consider this case you can always pause
the video
[Music]
well what is your answer the criminal
was the cook of course he was I knew
that all the time the murder was
committed in the evening but he said he
was making breakfast he had to pay more
attention to what he was saying you know
what I think mrs. Smith paid the
gardener to kill her husband because he
was having an affair with a housemaid
uh-huh it all fits so let's wrap this up
how many riddles have you solved and
which ones seemed the trickiest write to
us in the comments below share this
video with your friends to have more fun
and remember to hit the like button if
this video gathers 50,000 likes we will
prepare a new portion of detective
mysteries for you and here's our final
clue join us on the bright side
[Music]